[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain skins skin is a spanish
psychological thriller about some
deformed disfigured characters that must
find a way to deal with society shunning
their differences will they survive in
this kind of world let's find out in
skins
skin begins with simon who gets news
that his wife has given birth to a baby
boy simon who was at the brothel at that
time looked displeased with the news of
the bird of his child
at the brothel he met a little girl
named laura who is only 11 years old
laura has a physical deficiency which is
not having eyes the area of her sense of
sight was covered in skin
simon did choose laura because of the
girl's physical shortcomings
laura then sings a song for him
simon presented laura with a pair of
pink diamonds as a replacement for her
eyes laura who couldn't see looked happy
they then had sex
seventeen years later the scene shows a
girl named samantha who also has
physical deficiencies like laura
samantha's mouth was in the anal area
and conversely her anus was in the mouth
area samantha tries not to cover up her
flaws confidently she uploaded a selfie
to instagram and went to a restaurant
without covering her face
samantha who has all purple stuff comes
to a restaurant and ordered soup she
didn't care when a fat waitress laughed
at her physical disability and mocked
her by giving her a set of cutlery
while waiting for her order to arrive
samantha checked her cell phone it
turned out that instagram deleted
samantha's post because it was
considered inappropriate and violated
the rules samantha put her cell phone on
the table and took her diary out of her
bag she opened page after page showing
her desire to have a normal mouth after
a while the waiter came to take her
order samantha then took out a funnel
and a small tube put it in her mouth
which was in the anal area and starting
pouring soup into the funnel
while leaving the restaurant samantha
was confronted by two juvenile
delinquents trying to take her
belongings she tried to fight back by
kicking the hoodlum stick samantha
managed to escape and immediately got
into her car on the way she realized
that her car had just ran over something
big she posed for a moment and looked
out for the car window it is unknown
what samantha saw and ran over because
the scene had shifted to ernesto who was
masturbating in his room ernesto
masturbate while looking at the photo of
his girlfriend who has a physical
disability unbeknownst to ernesto his
mother sneaked into his room and caught
him his mother was shocked and angry
even though ernesto had tried to explain
and apologize for what was considered a
disgrace in their religion
unmitigated his mother then kicked him
out out of the house
elsewhere ernesto lover anna turns out
to be having an affair with a man named
guillermo like anna guillermo also has a
physical disability he had burns all
over his face anna wants a man who can
love herself for who she is and thinks
that guillermo is the right man
that night ernesto came to meet anna he
told anna that he had been kicked out of
the house instead of sympathizing anna
said that she wanted to break up with
ernesto anna also admitted to having an
affair with willermo ernesto who was
getting worse finally left anna
the scene returns to samantha she was
having dinner with her father while
watching television they were silent for
a moment listening to the news about a
young hit-and-run victim who died after
his leg was run over by a car
samantha's father then strongly
condemned the actions of the car driver
who flight the scene and let the victim
die
a frightened samantha choose to hide the
fact from her father that she was the
irresponsible driver of the car
samantha's father then brought her a
birthday cake with candles on it that
day turned out to be samantha's birthday
and her father gave a gift in the form
of a unicorn mask which he believed
could make her more confident but of
course samantha's expectations were not
like that and she cried because her
father never understood her feelings
the scene turns to christian a
purple-haired young man sitting in a
wheelchair christian is simon's son
because simon left him at birth he has a
mental breakdown
the only thing he knows about his father
is that simon has a mermaid tattooed on
his arm christian becomes obsessed and
thinks his father has turned into a
mermaid despite his perfect physical
appearance christian doesn't want his
legs he thought he should have finns
like a mermaid instead of two legs
christian mother then took him to a
psychiatrist they had such a big fight
there that christian fell out of the
wheelchair accidentally christian pan
sag and the mother finally finds out
that christian really hates his legs
because there are many cuts on his son's
legs burned with anger and shame
christian runs away from his mother he
was almost desperate to find a way to
remove two of his legs christian sits on
the side of the road then a crazy idea
comes to mind he was lying on the side
of the road and his feet were right on
the road hoping that the car would run
over him a car passed by and literally
ran over christian's feet it turned out
that the car was being driven by
samantha who was trying to escape from
the delinquents christine and samantha
stared at each other for a moment he
smiled at samantha as his wish to have
both legs removed had finally come true
however christian who was seriously
injured finally breathed his last breath
at the scene the scene changes to
vanessa a woman with the body of a dwarf
who works as a person in a teddy bear
mascot costume vanessa turns out to be
pregnant she checked her womb to the
midwife hoping that the baby would be
born normal however after an ultrasound
examination the midwife said that
vanessa's child would be born like her
a frustrated vanessa then decides to
stop working but her boss forbade her
even trying to persuade her by giving
her a briefcase full of money the boss
persuasion didn't work
vanessa even threw the money case out of
the window and the boss who was about to
pick it up pal and died instantly
guillermo who happened to be there did
not waste the opportunity to take the
money and run away guillermo then took
the briefcase to anna's house guillermo
told her that he wanted to do plastic
surgery with the money in the briefcase
anna disagreed with galermo's idea and
assumed that he would leave her after
successful plastic surgery on his face
guillermo doesn't care and will still do
the plastic surgery even though anna
disagrees anna also thought that
guillermo didn't really love her she
then breaks up with guillermo finally
she realized that only she could accept
her physical flaws
anna is determined to love herself more
as she is love her flows and try to live
independently without depending on
others
the scene changes to izzya who goes to
the same brothel as simon izia meets
laura who is still working in the
brothel and still wears the diamond
simon gave her in her eyes laura who has
now ground into a beautiful woman served
izzia with all her heart without knowing
izzy's true intentions idia often came
to laura because she wanted to steal her
diamonds the opportunity came when laura
is in a semi-conscious state she tries
to steal the diamond but someone
suddenly opened the door to laura's room
and itzya who panicked for fear of being
caught swallowed the diamond instead as
a result she had to use various ways to
get the diamond out of her body after
experiencing excruciating pain to get
the diamond out idza finally managed to
get the diamond but surprisingly she
returned the diamond to laura she felt
guilty for using laura's physical
handicap for her own benefit
laura understands idia predicament she
also forgave her they then fell in love
with each other and lived happily
the scene switches to simon attending
christian's funeral he's very sad and
feels guilty for ignoring christian
even though he doesn't really want to
abandon his son simon still has to leave
christian because he's worried that he
won't be able to control his lust simon
turns out to have a sexual disorder that
makes him a pedophile simon doesn't want
his son to be his victim and chooses to
leave but his decision made his son
suffer until he had to die simon also
blames himself for christian's death
the scene switches to samantha who's
walking down a small alley she met again
with the two juvenile delinquents who
had bullied her they wanted to beat
samantha in the alley one of the young
delinquent abused samantha in the anal
area but unbeknownst to the thug
samantha's mouth was in the anus area
and she felt back by biting the young
men's stick
having managed to escape the hodlam
samantha stop at the bridge looking down
at the highway below she intends to end
her own life after experiencing unfair
treatment from the people around her she
was unable to bear the suffering that
repeatedly came into her life but when
she was about to jump suddenly she was
unconscious after regaining
consciousness samantha saw ernesto
standing next to her ernesto also wanted
to commit suicide after being kicked out
of the house and breaking up with his
girlfriend but enerso gave up his
intention after seeing samantha lying
unconsciously on the street he
immediately falls in love with samantha
who has also physical deficiencies like
anna he then proposed to samantha and
they live happily ever after
not only samantha ernesto laura and
itzya who had a happy ending christian
also had a happy ending even though it's
in the afterlife he managed to get a fin
and become the mermaid like he had
always wanted the film ends
[Music]
you